CS 411 A1: Software Engineering
Section A2: Project Group 4:
Shreenidhi Jayaram
Jueru (Tiana) Jin
Soo Hyeok Lee
Jules Valentin Schenkel

User Story 1:

As a user of the web, I want to search for a “what to do plan” of my first day in Seattle.
I log in with the user name that I created two days ago.
In the search bar, I type in Seattle.
Voila~ 5 sightseeing places show up, along with 10 recommended restaurants nearby those places, from Italian to Chinese. 
It’s quite reasonable that the web recommends Museum of Pop Culture rather than Pike Market on such a rainy day. 
I choose 3 places among the 5 recommendations, and pick 2 restaurants. Then I click
on the “Create my plan” button at the bottom of the page. 
Boomboomboom…
A detailed travel plan with transportation options/routes presents on the screen.
I save this travel plan in my bookmarks, and name it “YoYo Seattle”
During the day, I visit the Museum in the morning and have Chinese food for lunch.
Somehow, I want to be more adventurous for dinner (i.e. not the burger I saved earlier).
I open the “YoYo Seattle” in my bookmark again, and click on the edit button next to the
“XXX famous burger”. Options are: delete this event, change to a new restaurant, blahblahblah.
I change the burger thing to a Ramen Burger place. 

Engineer’s comment on the user story:
-Include a login page. (Maybe third party login? That’s too detail)
-Definitely there will be a search bar, key words are Locations
-Return results of sightseeing places and restaurants using APIs
-Have the option for user to make their combinations of the plan
-Store the plan (database)
-Enable user to edit the plan (query query query…)

 
User Story 2:
Donald Trump (Age 22) Student At Boston University:
As a student (low budget) who is planning to travel,
Donald wants to see a list of options of events and restaurants to choose from for the day at the location he travels to.

Scenario: Donald is a student at Boston University.
He is planning to travel to New York in this upcoming weekend with his girlfriend.
Their main interest is to eat but they want to see if they could coordinate
any special activity in New York along with good food.
They log on to the application using their social media accounts.
Donald input New York and searches for events and restaurants to fit their schedule.
Donald bookmarks the events and restaurants of his interest and shares them with his girlfriend using a social media.

Developer Aspect:
-Login Page required using OAuth/internally
-Have a Search bar where the user could input location and date information
-APIs for calling list of restaurants and events are needed
-When searching for data from API, the date and location information have to be a criteria
-The called up list must be accessible by a hyperlink for user to find more information on the restaurant/event
-The restaurants and event information needs to be saved on to a database for the
user to bookmark the events and restaurants of user’s interest
-The bookmarked data must be presentable so that it could be read and shared with others

User Story 3: 
The Green family is planning an afternoon out with their young kids,
Mark and Stacy. Mark is 9 and Stacy is 7 so they are looking forward for some family-friendly entertainment
options and a good place to eat out after. They are also on a budget so they are also looking for some affordable
dining options. Mr.Green logs in to his account searches for planned experience  by first setting location as Denver,Colorado,
the time of the event (day/night), day in his case.
A variety of options are displayed → Denver Mountain Parks,Denver Botanic Gardens for under outdoors recreation
options as well as 16 street mall and Kirkland museum of Art under other other entertainment.
As Mr.Green, browses search results and filters through them, he narrows his options down to the Denver Mountain Parks.
Since the first activity does not take up much of his allocated budget, this allows a higher restaurant budget
for this family to accommodate. Mr.Green then chooses a good restaurant from the list and since he has found
a planned experience, and saves experience to his profile. 

Developer Aspect: 
-Login Page 
-Search bar to put in time and location
-Entertainment venues and restaurants show up depending on API called 
-Option to choose combination of plans 
-Store the plan

User Story 4:
1. User searches for a planned experience

User searches for a planned experience using a location, date, and time.
Our time parameter will simply be “Day” or “Night”, allowing the user to search for experiences
for the day and experiences for the night. 

2. User browses search results and filters through them

After the user receives the results to their search, they can browse them and filter
them based on price per person, reviews, and 21+ events. 

3. User has found a planned experience and saves experience to profile

User clicks their chosen experience and is prompted to log in. See Log in story.
After user has logged in or signed up they can click “Save experience”, which will save their
planned experience to their profile for future reference and sharing with friends.

4. User logs in/signs up 
User logs in using their social media account. If user does not have an account,
they can sign up using their social media account.

